Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, after that, the next speech you're going to see is this.
Okay.
Now, in order for us to be able to upload our data here, what we need to do, we need to set up some
rules.
So we're going to navigate to a distros tab.
Okay.
Then what we can do.
We're going to get rid of this if request the time.
Is this done time.
So it just going to get rid of this.
So from the start points.
Sorry.
After the semicolon I'm going to.
Delete Everton.
Delayed.
Then going to the villages as well.
You're going to say we want to allow the rude words, right?
Then the next thing I'm going to do is we're going to click on publish.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, how about this data?
What we're going to do is we are going to create a coalition where all our users are going to be stored.
So what you can do over here, we can click on Start Coalition.
Now the first is asking is.
A coalition is a set of documents that contain data that contain data collection of users.
Okay.
So we can now be coalition of users.
We are all our users are going to be what's stored.
So what we can do is asking us to give the coalition and then we can say, is this okay that we can
click on this.
Okay.
Now you can see over this document ID because all of our it's provided so you can read this.
It said a coalition was content at least one document clarify or unite units of storage documents to
us views or to generated US idea.
This is okay.
So what is trying to say?
All our documents, all all our users are going to be tied to that coalition using the Heidi.
Okay.
So we can easily just use your ad ID or F user this auto generated ID.
Now is asking for the field of the user.
Okay.
Now the first field we need is the full name.
Is it test?
Right.
So is it time for String?
So over a year, we can sit back.
Paul.
Okay.
Now as well we need to use the names field so there's going to be is name is going to be a fall.
Then we need to.
I think.
We need the email field tests as if that was doing as well so that we can see for it.
Jim, will that come?
Okay.
Now I'm going to click on See.
Okay, great.
Now you can see this is the Heidi and this is the user.
These are has serial be.
That is the email for the username.
And then you can see the connection between this user and the user.
The user's question is, what's the ID?
So the ID connects votes together.
So this is the user, Heidi, and this is the current.
This is a user we have you can refer to this user as a document.
So you can see this is a document.
We have just one document inside the user's coalition.
So you can refer to this as a single document or you can tweet us documents.
Okay.
Now a document doing this, we are going to be creating and to creating this manually, right?
So what we're going to do is get rid of this user's collection.
Okay, so I'm just trying to show you something that was able to do this.
Okay.
So now what they're going to do is they are going to click on this.
Click on Delete Collection.
Then you can see it wants us to type in the users collections.
They're going to say, use this.
We can click on delete.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.